Cleanup and modernize (#5)
ferrous-systems/teaching-material: presentations/traits/slides.adoc

== Borrowing and Ownership of `self`

> It is like usual, but at the beginning somewhat unfamiliar.

Reviewer: usual to what? I'm not sure what this sentence is trying to convey.

Author: Like Borrowing and Ownership of other values, I'll change that.

Author: ```suggestion
It is like normal ownership and borrowing, but at the beginning somewhat unfamiliar.
```

Author: @jamesmunns New suggestion
